Peripheral smear with small pale red cells, anisocytosis and poikilocytosis is suggestive of:
Urinalysis shows RBC casts; likely source is :
All of the following conditions have autosomal dominant inheritance except -
Gynaecomastia is caused by which drug ?
Which is not a Cholera vaccine?
30 yr female with depressed mood, decreased appetite & no interest since one year. Diagnosis is-
A lady with CA ovary in follow up with raised CA 125 level, Next step :
A 20yr old 0 presented with Yo of fatigue and tiredness On investigation Hb 9gmt Mcv 10% FL . PS shows macrocytic RBC&;s with hypersegmented neutrophils what is the most likely diagnosis
A 10-month-old infant presents with acute intestinal obstruction. Contrast enema X-ray shows the intussusceptions, Likely cause is
Tattooing colors the skin permanently because pigmented dyes are injected into the
Autoimmune thyroiditis is associated with all except -
A pregnant lady complaints of headache, feeling of excessive tiredness and drowsiness whenever she lies down in supine position. Her symptoms are relieved on sitting up and while lying on her side. What is the most likely diagnosis?
BRCA 2 gene is associated with carcinoma of
Clostridium botulinum toxin acts by:
IOC for removascular hypertension
The sequestrated lung is most commonly supplied by –
Stratified squamous epithelium is seen at all the following sites EXCEPT:
Toxin of staphylococcus is
SSPE is a rare complication of
Breast conservative surgery is done in all except:-
An 8-year-old boy presents with Intellectual deterioration and myoclonus. The diagnosis is
Which breast lesions is considered to have the greatest potential for eventual progression to a malignant lesion?
In which is the typical x-ray finding of spine seen
Multiple Punched out lesions on skull X-Ray is found in:
A young female presents with verrucous vegetations on the surface of mitral valve cusps. The most likely diagnosis is:
All of the following features can differentiate between ventricular tachycardia and supraventricular tachycardia except-
A gravida 3 with a history of 2 previous 2nd trimester aboions presents at 22 weeks of gestation with funneling of the cervix. Most appropriate management would be:
Which drugs is not associated with open angle glaucoma?
Which amino acid residues gets carboxylated by vitamin K during post translational modification
A 15-year-old female presented to the emergency depament with history of recurrent epistaxis, Hematuria and hematochezia. There was a history of profuse bleeding from the umbilicus stump at bih. Previous investigations revealed normal prothrombin time, activated paial thromboplastin time, thrombin time and fibrinogen levels. Her platelet counts as well as platelet function tests were normal but urea clot lysis test was positive. Which one of the following clotting factor is most likely to be deficient?
Inanimate objects of transmission is regarded as
Action of which drug is rapidly terminated:
Whole thickenss of bowel is involved with skin lesions in ?
Drug of choice of hypeension in pregnancy is ?
Which of following anti-gout drugs act by inhibiting the enzyme xanthine oxidase?
Design of the major connector must be determined at the time of:
A compound fracture is initially treated by antibiotics,wound toilet and -a) Skin coverb) External splintagec) Prosthesisd) Internal fixation
All of the following structures pass through optic foramen, EXCEPT:
True about Gilbe syndrome is:
Bacterial vaginosis is named as
For the following disorders, select the serum concentrations (mEq/L) of sodium (Na+) and potassium (K+) with which it is most likely to be associated in a dehydrated patient.A 1-year-old girl has had since about 3 months of age repeated episodes of hypoglycemic seizures and bouts of lactacidosis. She has a protuberant abdomen due to her massive hepatomegaly, a doll-like facies, thin extremities, and is short for her age. Upon drawing her blood, you are struck by the "milky" appearance.
Which ion is present in greatest amount to determine volume of extracellular fluid?
Crab is the intermediate host for?
A 48yr old lady presented with bone pains and hepatosplenomegaly .on examination of biopsy specimen from spleen,crumpled tissue paper appearance was seen,which is the product likely have been accumulated
Posterior communicating aery is a branch of ?
Lucid interval is classically seen in:
A 40 year old patient has undergone an open cholecystectomy. The procedure was repoed as uneventful by the surgeon. She has 100ml of bile output from the drain kept in the gallbladder bed on the first postoperative day. On examination she is afebrile and anicteric. The abdomen is soft and bowel sounds are normally heard. As an attending surgical resident, what should be your advice?
In prokaryotes, which is present:
A 3 yr old boy fell down and injured his leg while he was playing on ground. After a few days, there are crepitations felt from injured area, what could be the probable causative organism?
Molisch&;s test is positive in all except
Which is the most common uterine malformation seen in cases of recurrent aboions?
Quinine given to a patient of falciparum malaria caused sweating and palpitation, the likely cause is?
Most likely precursor to bronchiectasis is
Transplantation of which one of the following organs is most often associated with hyper acute rejection?
Rhinitis medicamentosa is due to
The couinaud's segmental nomenclature is based on the position of the -
The ratio of the forced expiratory volume in the first second of exhalation (FEV1) to the total forced vital capacity (FVC) is reduced in an asthmatic patient. What is the normal ratio of FEV1/FVC in an adult male?
Mutation in which gene is found in Marfan's syndrome?
Intra cavitary Radiotherapy is used for the treatment of
Management of tubal ectopic pregnancy of 2.5 x 3 cm is -
A 17 year old girl was brought to the psychiatrist by her mother with history that she was repeatedly found vomiting in the bathroom after taking meals, and that her meal size was extremely small. On examination the BMI of patient was 15 kg/m2 and her knuckles showed callous formation. What is the likely diagnosis?
Which best methods of urine collection is associated with least contamination?
Which casein predominates in cow milk:
The most common bone fractured during bih
A surgical resident has accidently given an intra aerial injection of thiopental sodium to a patient on the ward. The arm has blanched below the level of the injection. Which is NOT recommended for the management?
The dose of folic acid per day for treating megaloblastic anaemia in pregnancy
A mutation that results in premature termination of incorporation of amino acid into a peptide chain is a
The following complications during pregnancy increase the risk of PPH except ____________
A 2-year-old child (A) presents with a 4-day history of a rash limited to the feet and ankles. The papular rash is both pruritic and erythematous. The 3-month-old sibling of this patient (B) has similar lesions also involving the head and neck. The most appropriate treatment for this condition includes which?
Deficiency of Vitamin-E causes all, except:
Iron supplementation in a healthy term breast fed baby should be staed at the age of -
Antibody in asthma treatment:
Persistent coarse crepitations in the chest are diagnostic of?
A 63 year old man presents with splenomgaly and lymphadenopathy. Immunophenotype was positive for CD 19, CD79b and FMC7. The most likely diagnosis is:
A patient of scleroderma who has hypeension is at significant risk of developing
The tensile strength of a bone is due to
The function of copper added to 2nd generation amalgam is to:
In child survival and safe montherhood programme which is not advised as a provision in conduct of delivery -
Parents are carrier of an autosomal recessive disorder. Chances of offspring to get affected
The non-modifiable risk factor for hypeension is -
Neonate triangular cord sign on USG is seen in -
Aboion is the expulsion or extraction from the uterus, spontaneous or induced, or the fetus or embryo weighing:
Which Radiosensitizer drug is used in head and neck surgery?
Fastest acting enzyme ?
A middle-aged male comes to the outpatient depament (OPD) with the only complaint of hoarseness of voice for the past 2 years. He has been a chronic smoker for 30 years. On examination, a reddish area of mucosal irregularity overlying a poion of both cords was seen. Management would include all except:
Peroneus brevis is inseed into
Glucose and amino acids are reabsorbed from PCT or absorbed from intestinal lumen by
70 year old man has abdominal pain with mass in abdomen. Angiography reveals aneurysm of aorta. Most likely cause is:
Which is associated with reaction resulting in skin change resembling a patch of scleroderma?
Antimicrobial agent by inhibition of cell wall wall synthesis is
Aicularis genu is related to
True about glutathione is
High glycogen content is seen in
Which has no role in management of acute onset hyperkalemia?
Which can be used as Immunohistochemical marker for Juvenile Rhabdomyosarcoma?
Most common cause of nephrotic syndrome in children -
Abnormal Fetal tachycardia is defined as:
Layers of the scalp include all of the following except-
5-HIAA is a metabolite of:
Arrange the following clotting factor in sequence that they follow in coagulation cascade? 1. 132. 123. 104. 55. 9
The most common pulmonary manifestation of SLE is:
Visual acuity of 6/60 is classified as?
The vector which transmits trench fever -
The following are features of which disease?
This is seen due commonly due to deficiency of:
What is deficient in exclusively breast fed baby -
In which conditions bilateral contracted kidneys are characteristically seen -
Symptoms of iron poisoning in a 3-year-old child may include severe GI distress with hematemesis, a shock like state with marked dehydration and progressive hemorrhagic gastritis. Regarding the management of iron toxicity, which one of the following statements is accurate?
A 32-year-old patient has decreased pain and temperature sensation in the upper extremities, atro¬phy of the intrinsic muscles of his hand, and brisk deep tendon reflexes in the upper extremity. Your diagnosis?
Which among the following lung capacity is maximum?
Parathyroid gland was implanted into forearm muscle. What is the type of transplantation?
False about 'SEPS' procedure is:
In exhausted child with severe bronchiolitis, for every 10 mm Hg increase in PCO2, how many milliEq of bicarbonate will increase:-
All of the following can occure as complications of fracture of the neck of femur except:
The mechanism of action of surfactant is?
Which causes foot inversion?
Frey's syndrome is due to involvement of:
Streptococcus and pneumococcus are differentiated by-
Conjugated hyperbilirubinemia is seen in
The earliest immunoglobulin to be synthesized by the fetus is -
Feilization occurs in which pa of the fallopian tube: September 2007
Anterior end of the spleen is held up by -
Distichiasis is -
Omalizumab is indicated for which conditions -
26 year old male presents to OPD with a discrete thyroid swelling. On neck USG , an isolated cystic swelling of gland is seen. How much percentage will be the risk of malignancy?
Treatment for childhood hypothyroidism is with
A 2-year-old boy is brought to the physician by his parents, who complain that their son continually loses his balance. They also report that his speech seems more slurred. Physical examination confirms the truncal ataxia and wide-based gait. The child appears lethargic, and there is bobbing of the head while he is sitting. Muscle tone is normal. A lumbar puncture is performed in the patient, and neoplastic cells are found. A suboccipital craniotomy is performed, and a tumor is resected. Microscopic examination of the surgical specimen would most likely reveal which histologic patterns?
Stool osmotic gap is calculated by using the formula:
Wof chemotherapeutic drugs inhibit the polymerization of microtubules but is not associated with causing bone marrow supression
A newborn baby has severe facial abnormalities, as shown below. What could be the underlying CNS abnormality in this baby?
Leash sign is found in
Principles of Health education include all Except
Absolute contraindication of OC pill is :
Hypotension while on dialysis is due to
Which disease is transmitted by rat flea?
Vasodilators in Meniers disease are useful because they:
True statement regarding barret&;s esophagus
what do you mean by Clergyman knee ?
Role of somatotropine in fat metabolism
Vitreous hemorrhage produces ?
Amino acid abundant in collagen:
A man is struck with lathi on lateral aspect of head of fibula. Which can occur as a result of nerve injury
A 24-year-old man is brought into the emergency depament after a fall from a ladder. His breathing is labored and he is cyanotic. No breath sounds can be heard, even in the right lung field, which is resonant to percussion. The first step in his management should be
Patient presents with sudden onset weakness of whole body, with similar episode in the past, bladder sparing was seen, diagnosis is
The gene coding for androgen receptors is located on
The following drug is not helpful in the treatment of ectopic pregnancy:
Most common receptor for typical antipsychotics is ?
A decrease in the level of heme leads to a reduction in globin synthesis in reticulocytes. Which best explains this phenomenon?
A middle aged female presents with chronic pain in right side of abdomen with intermittent fever. Clinical examination revealed mild hepatomegaly and hence a contrast enhanced CT abdomen was performed. Based on the imaging characteristics of this focal lesion the most likely diagnosis is?
A diabetic patient develops cellulitis due to staphy-lococcus aureus that was found to be methicillin resistant on the antibiotic sensitivity testing.All of the following antibiotics will be appropriate EXCEPT:
A rickshaw tyre passed on a 8 years old children. Marking of tyre was found on body. It is an example of -
Most common type of sarcoma of breast
Phossy jaw is seen in:
Councilman body is seen in:
Macrophage activation syndrome is characterized by all except __________
Adult polycystic kidney disease is inherited: March 2005
Following are the features of COPD,except:
Co, causes?
What is your diagnosis in this infant who was found to have hydrocephalus?
An Englishman travels to a place which isresistant to chloroquine and mefloquine. What should he take as prophylaxis ?
Cis-Atracurium is preferred over Atracurium because
Post-tetanic potentiation is due to -
Atractiloside act as ?
Longest acting L.A. – a) Bupivacaineb) Tetracainec) Xylocained) Procaine
Gonococcus affects tubes mainly by _________
PE is a type of:-
Drug used for drug induced parkinsonism
Volkmann's ischemic contracture is associated with
Hypersensitivity reaction seen in immune thrombocytopenic purpura is
A 50 year old male patient complains of pain in back and legs. On routine investigations, it is found that he is anemic and his ESR is also raised. Which is the most probable diagnosis for this patient?
Which is produced by the stomach and has a role in control of food intake?
Bouquet of Flowers appearance is seen in?
A 24 years old female has flaccid bullae in the skin and oral erosions. Histopathology shows intraepidermal acantholytic blister. The most likely diagnosis is :
A child with subluxation of lens and mental retardation died. Which would have helped in his treatment?
Ethambutol is safer in patient of:
Which segments of the circulatory system has the highest velocity of blood flow?
'Amount of liquor is maximum at :
The most likely drug to be effective in diseases caused by cestodes and trematodes is
Bisgard treatment is for -
Most abundant and common complement component for both the pathways is:
A 48-year-old, previously healthy woman reports having suddenly lost consciousness four times in the past 6 months. In three instances, she was unconscious for only a few minutes. After the fourth episode 1 month ago, she was unconscious for 6 hours and had weakness in her right arm and difficulty speaking. On physical examination, she is afebrile, and her blood pressure is normal. No murmurs are auscultated. She has good carotid pulses with no bruits. Which cardiac lesions is most likely to be present in this woman?
Which cardiac complications may develop in a 33 year old woman with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) because of her underlying condition?
Hypersensitivity vasculitis involve
Immunoprophylaxis of leprosy is best done by which given choices?
Staphylococcus secretes all except
A wave in ERG is due to activity of:
Following drugs are known to contribute to urinary Incontinence except
Length of external auditory meatus is ?
Conduct disorder in a child manifests with all except
A known case of Lepromatous Leprosy was initiated on treatment.He developed new painful,erythematous papules over the body along with fever and lymphadenopathy. What is the likely diagnosis?
Acid phosphatase is specific to which cells
Which one of the following is not a feature of liver histology in Non-cirrhotic portal fibrosis (NCPF)?
All of the following statements about cerebellar astrocytomas in paediatric age group is true, EXCEPT:
First clinical sign of Vitamin-A deficiency is
If median nerve is injured at the wrist then loss of function of all of the following will take place except:
Fine touch is lost in lesion of
All of the following are true for metoclopramide except?
Which is not a feature of tertiary syphilis:
Labile cells are also known as intermitotic cells because of its characteristics. All of the following are labile cells, EXCEPT:
Flash process for pasteurisation of milk is
