Can PCI with drug-eluting stents replace coronary artery bypass surgery?
Does urodynamic verification of overactive bladder determine treatment success?
Is jejunostomy output nutrient or waste in short bowel syndrome?
Is alexithymia linked with marital satisfaction or attachment to the partner?
Explaining the pathway from familial and peer social support to disordered eating: Is body dissatisfaction the link for male and female adolescents?
Can favorable psychosocial work conditions and high work dedication protect against the occurrence of work-related musculoskeletal disorders?
Is It Possible and Safe to Perform Acetabular-preserving Resections for Malignant Neoplasms of the Periacetabular Region?
Does the use of biopatch devices at drain sites reduce perioperative infectious complications in patients undergoing immediate tissue expander breast reconstruction?
Academic attainment: a predictor of psychiatric disorders?
First cannabis use: does onset shift to younger ages?
Cirrhosis with ascites: Is the presence of hemorrhagic ascites an indicator of poor prognosis?
Does violence in the emotional relationships make STD/AIDS prevention more difficult?
Are routine postoperative radiographs necessary during the first year after posterior spinal fusion for idiopathic scoliosis?
The minimum data set weight-loss quality indicator: does it reflect differences in care processes related to weight loss?
Does Tramadol Have a Role in Pain Control in Palliative Care?
Patterns of care in hilar node-positive (N1) non-small cell lung cancer: A missed treatment opportunity?
Incidental carcinoma of the prostate: can we and should we recommend radical prostatectomy?
Open reduction and internal fixation of acetabulum fractures: does timing of surgery affect blood loss and OR time?
Does esophageal function vary at the striated and smooth muscle segments in functional chest pain?
Is preoperative withdrawal of aspirin necessary in patients undergoing elective inguinal hernia repair?
Do apparent diffusion coefficient measurements predict outcome in children with neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy?
Do child abuse and maternal care interact to predict military sexual trauma?
Can interprofessional education DVD simulations provide an alternative method for clinical placements in nursing?
The development of bronchiectasis on chest computed tomography in children with cystic fibrosis: can pre-stages be identified?
Prevalence of Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae genital infections in a publicly funded pregnancy termination clinic: empiric vs. indicated treatment?
Is early colonoscopy after admission for acute diverticular bleeding needed?
Use of routine intraoperative endoscopy in elective laparoscopic colorectal surgery: can it further avoid anastomotic failure?
Is local stiffness, as measured by radio frequency, more sensitive than intima-media thickness?
Latent tuberculous infection in the United States and Canada: who completes treatment and why?
Is the pain visual analogue scale linear and responsive to change?
Elevated levels of CRP in ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome: an unrecognised potential hazard?
Is frontloaded sputum microscopy an option in active tuberculosis case finding?
Are history and physical examination a good screening test for sleep apnea?
Can fully automated detection of corticospinal tract damage be used in stroke patients?
Do Therapists Google Their Patients?
Relocation of patients after cardiac surgery: is it worth the effort?
Diethylstilbestrol (DES) labeled with Auger emitters: potential radiopharmaceutical for therapy of estrogen receptor-positive tumors and their metastases?
Are Recommended Doses of Acetaminophen Effective for Children Aged 2 to 3 Years?
Deep brain stimulation for obsessive-compulsive disorder: is the side relevant?
Anorectal manometry: are fatigue rate and fatigue rate index of any clinical importance?
Are sociodemographic factors and year of delivery associated with hospital admission for postpartum psychosis?
Is there a shortage of neurosurgeons in the United States?
Does the association of risk factors and atherosclerosis change with age?
Can the Seattle heart failure model be used to risk-stratify heart failure patients for potential left ventricular assist device therapy?
Posterior tibial nerve stimulation: is the once-a-week protocol the best option?
Can single cIMT measurement during echocardiography affect further investigation decision for coronary artery disease?
Is preoperative serum prostate-specific antigen level significantly related to clinical recurrence after radical retropubic prostatectomy for localized prostate cancer?
Estimating the Cost-Effectiveness of Implementation: Is Sufficient Evidence Available?
Day and night surgery: is there any influence in the patient postoperative period of urgent colorectal intervention?
Changes in body composition in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: do they influence patient-related outcomes?
Do nurses have worse pregnancy outcomes than non-nurses?
Cytokine Profile in Gout: Inflammation Driven by IL-6 and IL-18?
Do socioeconomic inequalities in mortality vary between different Spanish cities?
Hysteresis of the RT interval with exercise: a new marker for the long-QT syndrome?
Travelers with immune-mediated inflammatory diseases: are they different?
Can randomised trials rely on existing electronic data?
Is alexithymia related to negative symptoms of schizophrenia?
Do Chinese Researchers Conduct Ethical Research and Use Ethics Committee Review in Clinical Trials of Anti-Dementia Drugs?
Does a diagnosis of atrophic vaginitis on Papanicolaou test signify the presence of inflammation?
First-trimester screening for trisomy 21 in twin pregnancy: does the addition of biochemistry make an improvement?
Does the interval between prostate biopsy and radical prostatectomy affect the immediate postoperative outcome?
Are Expectations Too High for Transitioning Adolescents With Inflammatory Bowel Disease?
Are specific antiretrovirals associated with an increased risk of discontinuation due to toxicities or patient/physician choice in patients with hepatitis C virus coinfection?
Can a biomarker-based scoring system predict pathologic complete response after preoperative chemoradiotherapy for rectal cancer?
Intensive insulin therapy in practice: can we do it?
Nasal and hand carriage of Staphylococcus aureus in staff at a Department for Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery: endogenous or exogenous source?
Diagnostic accuracy of preoperative alpha-fetoprotein as an ovarian tumor marker in children and adolescents: not as good as we thought?
Does fluoroscopy improve outcomes in paediatric forearm fracture reduction?
Oral Cytology for HIV: A New Diagnostic Tool?
Can Platforms Affect the Safety and Efficacy of Drug-Eluting Stents in the Era of Biodegradable Polymers?
Extended field intensity modulated radiation therapy for gynecologic cancers: Is the risk of duodenal toxicity high?
Revising the primigravid partogram: does it make any difference?
Can procalcitonin be a diagnostic marker for catheter-related blood stream infection in children?
The use of erythrocyte (RBC) indices in the differential diagnosis of microcytic anemias: is it an approach to be adopted?
Cystic pancreatic tumors: should we resect all of them?
A tale of two countries--the United States and Japan: are differences in health due to differences in overweight?
Effects of nitrous oxide on the rat heart in vivo: another inhalational anesthetic that preconditions the heart?
Are changes in worry associated with treatment response in cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia?
Do organic solvents induce changes in the dopaminergic system?
Laparoscopic Distal Pancreatectomy for Pancreatic Tumors: Does Size Matter?
Does human papilloma virus have a role in squamous cell carcinoma of the colon and upper rectum?
Does choosing a treatment depend on making a diagnosis?
A 12-month follow-up study of self-management training for people with chronic disease: are changes maintained over time?
Are allogeneic blood transfusions associated with decreased survival after surgical treatment for spinal metastases?
Is syncope a risk factor for poor outcomes?
Do changes in oxygen metabolism in the unaffected cerebral hemisphere underlie early neurological recovery after stroke?
Can the full range of paramedic skills improve survival from out of hospital cardiac arrests?
Can medical school-affiliated hospitals compete with private hospitals in the age of managed care?
Pre-operative high resolution computed tomography scans for cholesteatoma: has anything changed?
Does EMG (dry needling) reduce myofascial pain symptoms due to cervical nerve root irritation?
CT of intraabdominal desmoid tumors: is the tumor different in patients with Gardner's disease?
Physician smoking-cessation actions: are they dependent on insurance coverage or on patients?
Can concreteness training buffer against the negative effects of rumination on PTSD?
Does repetition of post-tetanic count every 3 min during profound relaxation affect accelerographic recovery of atracurium blockade?
Is heart rate variability better than routine vital signs for prehospital identification of major hemorrhage?
Pedicle Subtraction Osteotomy in the Revision Versus Primary Adult Spinal Deformity Patient: Is There a Difference in Correction and Complications?
Declining syphilis prevalence among pregnant women in northern Botswana: an encouraging sign for the HIV epidemic?
Does the obesity paradox apply to early postoperative complications after hip surgery?
Advanced pediatric myelodysplastic syndromes: can immunophenotypic characterization of blast cells be a diagnostic and prognostic tool?
Does forgiveness mediate the impact of school bullying on adolescent mental health?
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) without insulin resistance: Is it different?
Smoking behaviour in young families. Do parents take practical measures to prevent passive smoking by the children?
Are there radiologically identifiable prodromal changes in Thoroughbred racehorses with parasagittal fractures of the proximal phalanx?
Is Renal Impairment an Anticipated COPD Comorbidity?
Should studies of risk factors for musculoskeletal disorders be stratified by gender?
Can we better estimate resting oxygen consumption by incorporating arterial blood gases and spirometric determinations?
Surgical treatment of femoral fractures in obese children: does excessive body weight increase the rate of complications?
Wheezing and respiratory infections in Brazilian children: does a standard management work?
Does the degree of smoking effect the severity of tardive dyskinesia?
Redefining the target early during treatment. Can we visualize regional differences within the target volume using sequential diffusion weighted MRI?
Can "Hybrid stent implantation" improve long-term safety without adversely affecting efficacy when treating multilesion coronary artery disease in the drug-eluting stent era?
Is There a Survival Benefit of First-Line Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Tyrosine-Kinase Inhibitor Monotherapy Versus Chemotherapy in Patients with Advanced Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer?
Increase in national intravenous thrombolysis rates for ischaemic stroke between 2005 and 2012: is bigger better?
Tarsal Bone Dysplasia in Clubfoot as Measured by Ultrasonography: Can It be Used as a Prognostic Indicator in Congenital Idiopathic Clubfoot?
Mortality patterns during a war in Guinea-Bissau 1998-99: changes in risk factors?
Do people recognise mental illness?
Does implementing pulse oximetry in a critical care unit result in substantial arterial blood gas savings?
Is Microarray Analysis Really Useful and Sufficient to Diagnose Nut Allergy in the Mediterranean Area?
Does the type of endograft affect AAA volume change after endovascular aneurysm repair?
Does treatment with ACE inhibitors or angiotensin II receptor antagonists prevent atrial fibrillation after dual chamber pacemaker implantation?
Is the Quebec provincial administrative database a valid source for research on chronic non-cancer pain?
Do retail clinics increase early return visits for pediatric patients?
Is the response to anti-TNFalpha treatment influenced by the presence of IgM rheumatoid factor, in Rheumatoid Arthritis patients?
Does coronary artery size really matter?
Interference screw vs. suture anchor fixation for open subpectoral biceps tenodesis: does it matter?
Pediatric exposures to laundry pods or capsules: more toxic than traditional laundry products?
Do daily ward interviews improve measurement of hospital quality and safety indicators?
A comprehensive hepatitis C virus risk factors meta-analysis (1989-2013): do they differ in Egypt?
Is zinc protoporphyrin an indicator of iron-deficient erythropoiesis in maintenance haemodialysis patients?
Does timing of thoracic spine stabilization influence perioperative lung function after trauma?
Survival of the Grittiest?
Are patients with lichen planus really prone to urolithiasis?
Lower urinary tract symptoms in patients with erectile dysfunction: is there a vascular association?
Are two heads better than one?
Does dipyrone have any effect on respiratory function in COPD patients?
Liver transplantation for familial amyloid polyneuropathy non-VAL30MET variants: are cardiac complications influenced by prophylactic pacing and immunosuppressive weaning?
Do injections of 5-fluorouracil after trabeculectomy have toxic effects on the anterior segment?
A new method of cannabis ingestion: the dangers of dabs?
Is medical home enrollment associated with receipt of guideline-concordant follow-up care among low-income breast cancer survivors?
Demonstration of EGFR gene copy loss in colorectal carcinomas by fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH): a surrogate marker for sensitivity to specific anti-EGFR therapy?
Is Bentall Procedure Still the Gold Standard for Acute Aortic Dissection with Aortic Root Involvement?
The insensate foot following severe lower extremity trauma: an indication for amputation?
Diagnosing unexplained fever: can quick diagnosis units replace inpatient hospitalization?
Is adjuvant therapy with streptozotocin and 5-fluorouracil useful after resection of liver metastases from digestive endocrine tumors?
Effect of multiparity on morphometry and oestrogen receptor expression of pelvic and perineal striated muscles in rabbits: is serum oestradiol relevant?
Do psychological factors predict occurrence of influenza-like symptoms in vaccinated elderly residents of a sheltered home?
Can loud noise cause acoustic neuroma?
Maternal smoking and infant mortality: does quitting smoking reduce the risk of infant death?
Does the Papilla Preservation Flap Technique Induce Soft Tissue Modifications over Time in Endodontic Surgery Procedures?
Is the new Mayo Clinic Quadratic equation useful for the estimation of glomerular filtration rate in type 2 diabetic patients?
The differential effects of surgical harm in elderly populations. Does the adage: "they tolerate the operation, but not the complications" hold true?
Does the direction of arterial needle in AV fistula cannulation affect dialysis adequacy?
Is the use of arch bars or interdental wire fixation necessary for successful outcomes in the open reduction and internal fixation of mandibular angle fractures?
Therapeutic decisions for patients with symptomatic severe aortic stenosis: room for improvement?
Laparoscopic nephrectomy: new standard of care?
Is delayed introduction of inhaled corticosteroids harmful in patients with obstructive airways disease (asthma and COPD)?
Does repair of mitral regurgitation eliminate the need for left ventricular volume reduction?
Does compassion mediate the intrinsic religion-health relationship?
Can separation of the scrotal sac in proximal hypospadias reliably predict the need for urethral plate transection?
Is endoscopic papillary large balloon dilatation without endoscopic sphincterotomy effective?
Giant cell arteritis of the breast and breast cancer: paraneoplastic manifestation or concomitant disease?
Does blood pressure differ between users and non-users of hormone replacement therapy?
Fecal incontinence among nursing home residents: Is it still a problem?
Is tonic immobility the core sign among conventional peritraumatic signs and symptoms listed for PTSD?
Do Effects on Bowel Patterns Imposed by Solifenacin Always Have Negative Impacts on Treating Patients with Overactive Bladder (OAB)?
Do illness characteristics and familial risk differ between women with anorexia nervosa grouped on the basis of personality pathology?
Does the use of standardized history and physical forms improve billable income and resident physician awareness of billing codes?
Valve cuspidity: a risk factor for aortic valve repair?
Is every intussusception treatment an emergency intervention or surgery?
Are independent mobility and territorial range associated with park visitation among youth?
Does maternal hydronephrosis have an impact on urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (uNGAL) levels?
Psychosocial factors and surgical outcomes: are elderly depressed patients less satisfied with surgery?
Can we predict pneumococcal bacteremia in patients with severe community-acquired pneumonia?
Is [18F]-2-fluoro-2-deoxy-d-glucose (FDG) scintigraphy with non-dedicated positron emission tomography useful in the diagnostic management of suspected metastatic thyroid carcinoma in patients with no detectable radioiodine uptake?
Do media portrayals of obesity influence support for weight-related medical policy?
Early detection and screening for ovarian cancer: does physician specialty matter?
Is routine postoperative diuresis renography indicated in all adult patients after pyeloplasty for ureteropelvic junction obstruction?
Is there an inhibitory role of cortisol in the mechanism of male sexual arousal and penile erection?
Can N-acetylcysteine reverse the antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel?
Is there a difference in progression of renal disease between South Asian and white European diabetic adults with moderately reduced kidney function?
Are Inflammatory Biomarkers Increased in Varicose Vein Blood?
Do invitations for cervical screening provide sufficient information to enable informed choice?
Is applying the same exercise-based inpatient program to normal and reduced left ventricular function patients the best strategy after coronary surgery?
Does recovery from substance use disorder matter in patients with bipolar disorder?
Is assessment of kidney involvement in patients with essential hypertension satisfactory?
Defining maltreatment chronicity: are there differences in child outcomes?
Is diabetes mellitus a negative prognostic factor for the treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer?
Body mass index and acute coronary syndromes: paradox or confusion?
Does the public receive and adhere to boil water advisory recommendations?
DSM-IV or ICD-10-DCR diagnoses in child and adolescent psychiatry: does it matter?
Assessment of Autism Symptoms During the Neonatal Period: Is There Early Evidence of Autism Risk?
Is serous cystadenoma of the pancreas a model of clear-cell-associated angiogenesis and tumorigenesis?
Evaluation of carotid artery stenosis: is duplex ultrasonography sufficient?
Is nocturnal panic a distinct disease category?
Sweet Eating Habit: Does This Affect the Results After Sleeve Gastrectomy?
Does radiation dose to the vestibule predict change in balance function and patient perceived dizziness following stereotactic radiotherapy for vestibular schwannoma?
Breast and cervical cancer screening practices among disabled women aged 40-75: does quality of the experience matter?
Does bone SPECT actually have lower sensitivity for detecting vertebral metastasis than MRI?
Stochastic Predictions of Cell Kill During Stereotactic Ablative Radiation Therapy: Do Hypoxia and Reoxygenation Really Matter?
Cardiac function in types II and III spinal muscular atrophy: should we change standards of care?
